Cat facts:
https://www.purina.co.uk/articles/cats/behaviour/common-questions/fun-facts-about-cats
https://www.thedrakecenter.com/services/cats/blog/20-amazing-facts-about-cats
https://www.funkidslive.com/learn/top-10-facts/top-10-facts-about-cats/
https://www.mygavet.com/services/blog/50-cat-facts-you-probably-didnt-know


Cats can recognize your voice. So yes, they are just ignoring you. 
When Ben Rea, a successful British antique dealer and known recluse died in 1988, he left his 12.5 million dollar fortune (26.7 million by today's standards) to his cat, Blackie. Making Blackie the wealthiest cat in the world. Blackie still holds the Guinness World Record for Wealthiest Cat! The money was eventually divided equally to three cat charities who were tasked with taking care of Blackie until he passed away. 
In Holland’s embassy in Moscow, Russia, the staff noticed that the two Siamese cats kept meowing and clawing at the walls of the building. Their owners finally investigated, thinking they would find mice. Instead, they discovered microphones hidden by Russian spies. The cats heard the microphones when they turned on. Instead of alerting the Russians that they found said microphones, they simply staged conversations about delays in work orders and suddenly problems were fixed much quicker! 
Cat's can't taste sweetness. Scientists believe it's due to a genetic mutation that affects key taste receptors
Cat's, as well as other animals' noses,  have their own unique print, much like a humans fingerprint.
Cats spend nearly 1/3rd of their lives cleaning themselves. 
They also spend nearly 1/3rd of their lives sleeping.
When cats walk their back paws step almost exactly in the same place as the front paws did beforehand, this keeps noise to a minimum and limits visible tracks.
A train station in Southeastern Japan is presided over by an adorable "stationmaster": a 6-year-old calico cat named Nitama.
Cats can drink seawater! Their kidneys are able to filter salt out of water, something humans can't do.
Contrary to public belief, adult cats shouldn't be given milk as most are lactose intolerant. After a kitten is weaned, the lactase enzyme, which is used to break down lactose,  starts to disappear. Giving your cat milk can cause an upset stomach and other tummy troubles.
There are 473 taste buds on a cat's tongue!
Cats can jump 5 times their own height. Now that’s impressive!
A housecat can run to the speed of about 30 mph over short distances. This means that a cat can outrun superstar runner Usain Bolt in a 200 meter dash
In Ancient Egypt, members of a family would shave their eyebrows in mourning if their cat died. Cats were also sometimes mummified and placed in tombs with their owners
A cat was the Mayor of an Alaskan town for 20 years
Isaac Newton invented the cat door
In 1963 a cat went to space
The record for the loudest purr is 67.8db(A)
